until ganger is a german word that could
be translated as lone wolf it is the
animal that does not live in a pack or
at least doesn't want to in the human
world we call this person a loner a
person that follows his or her own path
I've called his channel Idol gainer
because somehow I've spent great parts
of my life in solitude sometimes I was
forced to but when I reached adulthood
I often chose to be alone deliberately
it's not that I don't like company on
the contrary I love company I've
experienced deep relationships with
people but I don't like to conform to a
group in a way I feel like groups
restrict me they restrict my movements
my thoughts my individuality group
energy and being able to identify with
certain people sure feels great but
after a while these things get old and
it often doesn't take long before I feel
suffocated by these people and desire to
leave I do have friends though but most
of them are loners as well and we are
perfectly fine by seeing each other just
a few times a year being around people
takes a lot of my energy parties or
other social gatherings meetings at work
or being at the airport are often
stressful it feels like my brain gets
overstimulated by all the noises around
me after such occasions I'm happy to be
alone again I prefer my own private
quarters where I can fully relax and
recharge my battery although it's very
hard to admit I think anxiety plays a
role in this as well but a lot less than
a few years ago the more time you spend
around people the less sensitive you
become exposure is the key still I don't
like to be in the spotlight I dread
public speaking and during my adult life
I have put effort in avoiding such
situations I've asked myself often why
am I like this I'm not sure maybe I'm
born like this also it could be very
true that certain life experiences have
made me like this these things are worth
exploring that's for sure but in the end
does it really matter
it's the way I am right now and I have
to move on from here so when you are a
loner how should you live your life
should you force yourself into becoming
more collectivistic or should you
embrace your individuality should you
force yourself into social situations or
should you live as a hermit I believe
the answer is somewhere in the middle no
man is an island and in many ways we are
deeply connected to the world we are
part of its ecosystem so the idea of
cutting yourself off from the world is
kind of absurd because you'll never be
completely cut off unless of course
you're shot into space and died
somewhere in the outer rim of our solar
system alone hmm
well such an existence could be some
Hermits wet dream but it's definitely
not mine it's more like a nightmare
another thing the greatest memories I
have always contain other people it
could be a deep and meaningful
relationship with one person or the fun
I have experienced in a group like a
group of friends or coworkers
that's quite odd for someone who prefers
solitude right so what does this say I
think it says that people that prefer
solitude have this paradoxical stance in
life they feel better alone but crave
that connection with other people at the
same time some situations good or bad
have such a deep impact that I need some
time alone to fully process them I can
do well on memories for a long time as
well it seems like my digestion cannot
keep up with the stimuli that I am fed
so it needs a break I think it's amazing
how some people are able to just go on
and on in group settings and actually
get energy from them they seem to thrive
in those situations on the other end I
pity those who cannot be alone why do
they need another person 24/7 I don't
quite understand that but hey I am
probably the odd one out always alone or
always among people
what's worse how to be a loner well I
don't believe in extremes but I do
believe that they're strange
in solitude the lawful solitude can in
fact be a great asset artists writers
and many geniuses of the past have
tapped into the strength of solitude
still loners should be aware of social
isolation and that's why I believe in
finding a healthy balance between
solitude and participation in the world
because active participation in the
world and the human relationships that
come from that are great vessels to joy
happiness and fulfillment although for a
loner it can be a huge struggle it has
always been a struggle for me but
looking back I think I have had a very
fulfilling and adventurous life already
when it comes to friendships
relationships work and travel life goes
on and so does the struggle that's why I
decided to share my experiences
challenges and knowledge about being a
lone wolf thank you for watching
you